Update CHANGELOG.md and README.md for release 0.3.0 (#134)
camaraproject/Commonalities: CHANGELOG.md

    - [OpenAPI Linting Rules Implementaion Guideline](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/blob/release-0.3.0/documentation/API-linting-Implementation-Guideline.md)
* Commonalities approved artifacts in **[artifacts](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/tree/release-0.3.0/artifacts)** folder
  - **New:**
    -  [CAMARA_common.yaml](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/blob/release-0.3.0/artifacts/CAMARA_common.yaml)
    -  [Linting rules implementation files](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/tree/release-0.3.0/artifacts/linting_rules)

### Added
* API Testing Guidelines created by @shilpa-padgaonkar in https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/117
* API Design Guidelines updated with scopes naming guidelines by @jlurien in https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/57
* API Linting Rules - initial linting ruleset description by @rartych in https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/74
* API linting implementation and guidelines by @ravindrapalaskar17 in https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/110
  
### Changed

> * CAMARA_common.json renamed to CAMARA_common.yaml and updated by @shilpa-padgaonkar in https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/107

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CAMARA_common.yaml includes the following changes:

- CAMARA_common.json was changed to CAMARA_common.yaml to be consistent with all Camara API specs.
- Includes guidance for info object
- Adds the aligned device schema 
updated by @shilpa-padgaonkar in https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/107

```
